The moment you've all been waiting for is here...

Well, maybe not all of you, but at least some of you!
And maybe not the -exact- moment you've been waiting for,
but it's still momentous!

Yes, that's right!  uPortal is making it's debut as an
Alpha product!!!

uPortal is a fully authorized implementation of the Portal
MIP for Unix.  Currently, uPortal is being developed with
Linux users in mind, although there will eventually be
compiled versions available for most modern unix platforms.

At the moment, uPortal has a text based interface (or
a terminal based interface, if you prefer).  Now, I
will readily admit that this is a bit limiting on a
25 line terminal, but in a color XTerm, it's quite nice
looking.  In fact, even on those 25 line terminal screens
it's not so terrible since you have the added bonus of
the Portal HPBars (All 4 of them!) as well as the uptime
and mudlag indicators.  Of course, Event functionality
is also in the works.  Currently, there is limited
hp bar threshold events, but full event support will be
featured in the later beta and initial production releases.

Here's what I need, though.  I'm looking for a number 
(probably about 20 or so) players and wizards who are
ACTIVE, able to express themselves in written form CLEARLY
(and in English, I might add), able to NOT GIVE A COPY
to everyone they know, and willing to help out!  You
should be aware before applying that you WILL NOT be
reimbursed for any uPortal related deaths.  While
uPortal itself will not kill you, this is a pre-alpha
product at the moment and still suffers from the occasional
segmentation fault.

If you're interested, please send me EMAIL to:

info@enclaveforensics.com

This email should outline who you are (on the mud and
IRL), why you feel you would make a good tester, which
version of Linux you plan to run the program on and any
other piece of pertinent information you can think of.

I will try to get back to each of you, but I'm not
making any promises until I see how the response is.

I should also mention that after the terminal version
of uPortal is finished, I will begin converting it over
to XPortal.


